When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I use remote repositories to be able to push my work to my production environment on Heroku. 
This would also be critical in a collaborative environment in which multiple people were editing 
and working on the same code base. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because other users might push changes to the repository that would break or
otherwise in some way mess with what you are currently working on. 
Manually choosing when to pull, and when not to, makes it ultimately the
user's perogative to take the changes, or to switch to a new branch and not
take them. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Fork - GitHub clone taken from another publically avaiable codebase.
Clone - Local or remote copy of a repository that is publically or privately
avaiable. 
Branch - A name for a specific commit that allows a git user to quickly return
to a specific commit in the commit history. 

A fork would be used when you want to make changes to a code base that would
not be pushed back to the master branch. A clone would be used when you do
want to be able to push changes back to the master branch. A branch is used on
all git repositories to allow for experimental, or any other changes, that the
user wants to be able to quickly jump back to at any time.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

This allows the user to be aware of how far ahead, or in other ways different,
the curent state of the working directory is compared to the remote
repository. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

By manually saving and managing files and folders. It would be harder in
general, I can't think of anything that would be easier.
